# Project-Team-21

PROJECT ABSTRACT IDEAS
ABSTRACT 1: Health care monitoring and emergency system
Technology has evolved for years, embracing almost all the areas in an effort of making human life easier. There has been a tremendous advancement in the field of health care and emergency. The idea presented in this abstract concerns on health care monitoring and a system that provides aid for emergency conditions. Patients consult the physician to get diagnosed for their health issue and get the prescription. But quite often such happens when the patient might forget or skip the medication provided in the prescription. Such situations should not happen and there has to be a way to monitor this. The proposed system aims to build an environment which provides timely reminders for the medication instructed in the prescription and also about the periodic diagnosis the patient might have to undergo. This way, the patient will not miss the routine and will be under proper medication. An idea that can avoid  emergency situations and attempt for a better and healthier lifestyle. An enhancement to this idea can be idealised for how to deal in case of emergency situations. The long wait for the ambulance might exacerbate the patient’s condition. Meanwhile, there has to be a system that could suggest with the first aid treatment that can be given. The system would guide with the stepwise instructions to be followed based on the symptoms observed in the patient.

ABSTRACT 2: E-commerce website for efficient food management
In this project, we want to develop an E-Commerce website for efficient food management. The website developed will provide information about the perishable foods available in the market. These goods will have certain amount of time period and thrown after the expiry. The main motivation of developing website is to provide information about perishable food availability in the market. Super Markets spend huge amount of money every year on perishable goods. If the goods are not sold out, there is no other alternative from throwing away the product. In order to save money and food, we are planning to develop a platform for both customers and retailers. The information about the goods and their respective expiry dates are gathered by the company. This website displays the product availability in specified stores where the customers can be benefited by the offers and can purchase goods according to their requirements and save money. Customers can have a reserve option in cart with timers set. Also, we can send alerts to customers based on their wish list. In this way the retailers are able to sell out most of the perishable goods and customers are benefited by the offer. This website can also help NGOs by distribution of rest over goods before expiry date. 

ABSTRACT 3: Developing a web application for creating Smart polls
The main idea of this project is to provide users across the globe with an easily available web application, where they can create polls and spread among their circle, to get feedbacks on certain queries that they want to find out from the organization or a group. They might not be regular commercial surveys about a product or an organization, however; entertaining polls where the users intend to find candid opinions regarding anything they wish from people around them. The purpose of this application is about creating Polls and sending them to your recipients easily. Register with our website, and you can create unlimited number of polls, with unlimited number of questions in each poll. Distribute the link you have received from us and share them across the social media such a Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp. If you have specific recipients for your poll, you can share the link with them via a text message or email. After your recipients submit their responses, you can check back on your account to see the responses for all your questions in the poll.

